[BOP-1572] Add etcd configuration and custom flag migration info (#243)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/migrate-from-MKE-3.md

ensure you complete the [GPU prerequisites](/docs/configuration/gpu/#prerequisites) before
starting the upgrade process. {{< /callout >}}

### Kubernetes Custom Flags

> MKE 3 supports applying additional flags to Kubernetes components with the following fields in the configuration file,
> each specified as a list of strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE 3 and MKE 4 both support the application of additional flags to Kubernetes components that have the following fields in the MKE configuration file,
each specified as a list of strings.
```

```
custom_kube_api_server_flags
custom_kube_controller_manager_flags
custom_kubelet_flags
custom_kube_scheduler_flags
custom_kube_proxy_flags
```

> MKE 4 supports an 'extraArgs' field for each of these components, accepting a map of key-value pairs.
> MKE 4 will convert these custom flags to the corresponding `extraArgs` field during the upgrade.
> Any flags that cannot be automatically converted will be listed in the upgrade summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE 4 supports an `extraArgs` field for each of these components, accepting a map of key-value pairs, converting the custom flags to the corresponding `extraArgs` field during the upgrade process.
Any flags that cannot be automatically converted are listed in the upgrade summary.
```

> #### Example of custom flags conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of custom flags conversion:
```

> MKE 3 configuration file:
> ```
> [cluster_config.custom_kube_api_server_flags] = ["--enable-garbage-collector=false"]
> ```
> 
> MKE 4 configuration file:
> ```
> spec:
>   apiServer:
>     extraArgs:
>       enable-garbage-collector: false
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MKE 3 configuration file:

  ```
  [cluster_config.custom_kube_api_server_flags] = ["--enable-garbage-collector=false"]
  ```

- MKE 4 configuration file:

  ```
  spec:
    apiServer:
      extraArgs:
        enable-garbage-collector: false
  ```
```

Reviewer: Not sure that accepting the suggestion will result in a correct rendering, so I will try to offer here how I would like to see this example present.

* MKE 3 configuration file:

  ```
  [cluster_config.custom_kube_api_server_flags] = ["--enable-garbage-collector=false"]
  ```

* MKE 4 configuration file:

  ```
  spec
    apiServer:
      extraArgs:
        enable-garbage-collector: false
  ```

Author: I tried to match this by bullet pointing the config examples.

### Kubelet Custom Flag Profiles

MKE 3 supports a map of kubelet flag profiles to specific nodes using the `custom_kubelet_flags_profiles` setting in the toml configuration file.

> MKE 4 does not support kubelet flag profiles, but you can map `KubeletConfiguration` values to specific
> nodes using [Kubelet custom profiles](../configuration/kubernetes/kubelet.md#kubelet-custom-profiles).
> MKE 4 supports migration of MKE 3 kubelet flag profiles to kubelet custom profiles.
> Conversion of flags to `KubeletConfiguration` values is best-effort and any flags that cannot be
> converted are listed in the upgrade summary. Hosts with a custom flag profile label are marked for the
> corresponding kubelet custom profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE 4 does not support kubelet flag profiles, but you can use [Kubelet custom profiles](../configuration/kubernetes/kubelet.md#kubelet-custom-profiles) to map `KubeletConfiguration` values to specific nodes. MKE 4 does supports the migration of MKE 3 kubelet flag profiles to kubelet custom profiles.

The conversion of flags to `KubeletConfiguration` values is best-effort ,and any flags that cannot be
converted are listed in the upgrade summary. Hosts with a custom flag profile label are marked for the
corresponding kubelet custom profile.
```

starting the upgrade process. {{< /callout >}}

### Kubernetes Custom Flags

MKE 3 and MKE 4 both support the application of additional flags to Kubernetes components that have the following fields in the MKE configuration file, each specified as a list of strings:
```
custom_kube_api_server_flags
custom_kube_controller_manager_flags
custom_kubelet_flags
custom_kube_scheduler_flags
custom_kube_proxy_flags
```

MKE 4 supports an `extraArgs` field for each of these components, though, which accepts a map of key-value pairs. During upgrade from MKE 3, MKE 4 converts these custom flags to the corresponding `extraArgs` field. Any flags that cannot be automatically converted are listed in the upgrade summary.

Example of custom flags conversion:

- MKE 3 configuration file:

  ```
  [cluster_config.custom_kube_api_server_flags] = ["--enable-garbage-collector=false"]
  ```

- MKE 4 configuration file:

  ```
  spec:
    apiServer:
      extraArgs:
        enable-garbage-collector: false
  ```

### Kubelet Custom Flag Profiles

MKE 3 supports a map of kubelet flag profiles to specific nodes using the `custom_kubelet_flags_profiles` setting in the toml configuration file.

> MKE 4 does not support kubelet flag profiles, but you can use [Kubelet custom profiles](../configuration/kubernetes/kubelet.md#kubelet-custom-profiles) to map `KubeletConfiguration` values to specific nodes. MKE 4 does supports the migration of MKE 3 kubelet flag profiles to kubelet custom profiles.

Reviewer: It is good as-is.

> MKE 4 does not support kubelet flag profiles, but you can use [Kubelet custom profiles](../configuration/kubernetes/kubelet.md#kubelet-custom-profiles) to map `KubeletConfiguration` values to specific nodes. MKE 4 does supports the migration of MKE 3 kubelet flag profiles to kubelet custom profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE 4 does not support kubelet flag profiles, but you can use [Kubelet custom profiles](../configuration/kubernetes/kubelet.md#kubelet-custom-profiles) to map `KubeletConfiguration` values to specific nodes. MKE 4 does support the migration of MKE 3 kubelet flag profiles to kubelet custom profiles.
```
